the idea that the resources of the Earth
are
um well the resources available to
humans are finite is a mistake first of
all it's only knowledge that converts
something into a resource in the first
place nobody knew that pitch blend
uranium ore was a resource until on
rebeccarell discovered radioactivity and
so on
um so and soon we will be mining The
Asteroids for minerals that are
extremely rare on Earth
the universe is is uh to all intents and
purposes unlimited and it is our home
and
the to regard
um
just the resources that you know about
today as being the resources will always
lead you into the era of thinking that
they are finite and then once we have
used them up what will we do then